Code_Exercises/Exercise_17_Vectors/doc.md, before:

# SYCL Academy

## Exercise 17: Vectors
---

In this exercise you will learn how to use `vec` to explicitly vectorized your
kernel function.

---

### 1.) Use vectors

Now that global memory access is coalesced another optimization you can do is to
use the `vec` class to present the pixels in the image.

To do this first you want to reinterpret the `buffer` objects as `buffer`s with
the element type `float4`. You can do this by calling `reinterpret` on the
`buffer`s and specifying the type `float4`.

Note you will have to provide a new `range`s which will be the original `range`s
divided by 4 to account for the channels which are now represented by the four
elements of the vector type.

### 2.) Refactor the kernel function

Now that you are using vector types, you want to replace the representation of
pixels in the kernel function with a `float4` and remove any multiplication or
offsets to account for the number of channels.

## Build and execution hints
#### ComputeCpp
```
cmake -DSYCL_ACADEMY_USE_COMPUTECPP=ON -DSYCL_IMPLEMENTATION_INSTALL_ROOT=/insert/path/to/computecpp ..
make exercise_17_vectors_source
./Code_Exercises/Exercise_17_Vectors/exercise_17_vectors_source
```
#### DPC++
```
clang++ -fsycl -I../../External/Catch2/single_include -I../../Utilities/include/ -I../../External/stb solution.cpp
```

Commit message:

Removing the ifdefs for ComputeCPP USM operations. Adding define STBI_NO_SIMD in files that include image_conv.h. Changing some doc.mds to reflect changes

Code_Exercises/Exercise_17_Vectors/doc.md, after:

# SYCL Academy

## Exercise 17: Vectors
---

In this exercise you will learn how to use `vec` to explicitly vectorized your
kernel function.

If using ComputeCPP you need to ```#define STBI_NO_SIMD``` before the include ```#include <image_conv.h>```.

---

### 1.) Use vectors

Now that global memory access is coalesced another optimization you can do is to
use the `vec` class to present the pixels in the image.

To do this first you want to reinterpret the `buffer` objects as `buffer`s with
the element type `float4`. You can do this by calling `reinterpret` on the
`buffer`s and specifying the type `float4`.

Note you will have to provide a new `range`s which will be the original `range`s
divided by 4 to account for the channels which are now represented by the four
elements of the vector type.

### 2.) Refactor the kernel function

Now that you are using vector types, you want to replace the representation of
pixels in the kernel function with a `float4` and remove any multiplication or
offsets to account for the number of channels.

## Build and execution hints
#### ComputeCpp
```
cmake -DSYCL_ACADEMY_USE_COMPUTECPP=ON -DSYCL_IMPLEMENTATION_INSTALL_ROOT=/insert/path/to/computecpp ..
make exercise_17_vectors_source
./Code_Exercises/Exercise_17_Vectors/exercise_17_vectors_source
```
#### DPC++
```
clang++ -fsycl -I../../External/Catch2/single_include -I../../Utilities/include/ -I../../External/stb solution.cpp
```
