Code_Exercises/Exercise_16_Coalesced_Global_Memory/doc.md, before:

# SYCL Academy

## Exercise 16: Coalesced Global Memory
---

In this exercise you will learn how to apply row-major and column-major when
linearizing the global id in order to compare the performance difference due to
coalesced global memory access.

---

### 1.) Evaluate global memory access

Now that you have a working grayscaling kernel you should evaluate whether the
global memory access patterns in your kernel are coalesced.

Consider two alternative ways to linearize the global id:

```
auto rowMajorLinearId    = (idx[1] * width) + idx[0];  // row-major
auto columnMajorLinearId = (idx[0] * height) + idx[1];  // column-major
```

Try using both of these and compare the execution time of each.

## Build and execution hints
#### ComputeCpp:
```
cmake -DSYCL_ACADEMY_USE_COMPUTECPP=ON -DSYCL_IMPLEMENTATION_INSTALL_ROOT=/insert/path/to/computecpp ..
make exercise_16_coalesced_global_memory_source
./Code_Exercises/Exercise_16_Coalesced_Global_Memory/exercise_16_coalesced_global_memory_source
```
#### DPC++:
```
clang++ -fsycl -I../../External/Catch2/single_include -I../../Utilities/include/ -I../../External/stb solution.cpp
```

Commit message:

Removing the ifdefs for ComputeCPP USM operations. Adding define STBI_NO_SIMD in files that include image_conv.h. Changing some doc.mds to reflect changes

Code_Exercises/Exercise_16_Coalesced_Global_Memory/doc.md, after:

# SYCL Academy

## Exercise 16: Coalesced Global Memory
---

In this exercise you will learn how to apply row-major and column-major when
linearizing the global id in order to compare the performance difference due to
coalesced global memory access.

If using ComputeCPP you need to ```#define STBI_NO_SIMD``` before the include ```#include <image_conv.h>```.

---

### 1.) Evaluate global memory access

Now that you have a working grayscaling kernel you should evaluate whether the
global memory access patterns in your kernel are coalesced.

Consider two alternative ways to linearize the global id:

```
auto rowMajorLinearId    = (idx[1] * width) + idx[0];  // row-major
auto columnMajorLinearId = (idx[0] * height) + idx[1];  // column-major
```

Try using both of these and compare the execution time of each.

## Build and execution hints
#### ComputeCpp:
```
cmake -DSYCL_ACADEMY_USE_COMPUTECPP=ON -DSYCL_IMPLEMENTATION_INSTALL_ROOT=/insert/path/to/computecpp ..
make exercise_16_coalesced_global_memory_source
./Code_Exercises/Exercise_16_Coalesced_Global_Memory/exercise_16_coalesced_global_memory_source
```
#### DPC++:
```
clang++ -fsycl -I../../External/Catch2/single_include -I../../Utilities/include/ -I../../External/stb solution.cpp
```
