Code_Exercises/Exercise_18_Local_Memory_Tiling/doc.md, before:

# SYCL Academy

## Exercise 18: Local Memory Tiling
---

In this exercise you will learn how to cache global memory into local memory in
tiles according to work-groups in order to compare the performance difference. 

---

### 1.) Use local memory

Allocate local memory for the kernel function by creating a local `accessor`,
you can do this by creating an `accessor` with the `access::target::local`
access target template parameter.

The local `accessor` is create by specifying a `range` which is the number of
elements to allocate.

Note that local memory is allocated per work-group and each work-group can only
access it's own local memory.

### 2.) Cache global memory access in local memory

Cache the global memory required for each work-group in local memory by reading
from global `accessor` and then writing to the local `accessor`.

Remember to use the local id to know where in local memory to store the data,
this can be queried by calling the `nd_item` member function `get_local_id`.

Compare the performance with local memory and without local memory.

## Build and execution hints
#### ComputeCpp
```
cmake -DSYCL_ACADEMY_USE_COMPUTECPP=ON -DSYCL_IMPLEMENTATION_INSTALL_ROOT=/insert/path/to/computecpp ..
make exercise_18_local_memory_tiling_source
./Code_Exercises/Exercise_18_Local_Memory_Tiling/exercise_18_local_memory_tiling_source
```
#### DPC++
```
clang++ -fsycl -I../../External/Catch2/single_include -I../../Utilities/include/ -I../../External/stb solution.cpp
```

Commit message:

Removing the ifdefs for ComputeCPP USM operations. Adding define STBI_NO_SIMD in files that include image_conv.h. Changing some doc.mds to reflect changes

Code_Exercises/Exercise_18_Local_Memory_Tiling/doc.md, after:

# SYCL Academy

## Exercise 18: Local Memory Tiling
---

In this exercise you will learn how to cache global memory into local memory in
tiles according to work-groups in order to compare the performance difference. 

If using ComputeCPP you need to ```#define STBI_NO_SIMD``` before the include ```#include <image_conv.h>```.


---

### 1.) Use local memory

Allocate local memory for the kernel function by creating a local `accessor`,
you can do this by creating an `accessor` with the `access::target::local`
access target template parameter.

The local `accessor` is create by specifying a `range` which is the number of
elements to allocate.

Note that local memory is allocated per work-group and each work-group can only
access it's own local memory.

### 2.) Cache global memory access in local memory

Cache the global memory required for each work-group in local memory by reading
from global `accessor` and then writing to the local `accessor`.

Remember to use the local id to know where in local memory to store the data,
this can be queried by calling the `nd_item` member function `get_local_id`.

Compare the performance with local memory and without local memory.

## Build and execution hints
#### ComputeCpp
```
cmake -DSYCL_ACADEMY_USE_COMPUTECPP=ON -DSYCL_IMPLEMENTATION_INSTALL_ROOT=/insert/path/to/computecpp ..
make exercise_18_local_memory_tiling_source
./Code_Exercises/Exercise_18_Local_Memory_Tiling/exercise_18_local_memory_tiling_source
```
#### DPC++
```
clang++ -fsycl -I../../External/Catch2/single_include -I../../Utilities/include/ -I../../External/stb solution.cpp
```
